well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about the
post office and trump because we have to
um he's trying to subvert the post
office
so he can undermine the election and
tamper with it
and adjust the outcome so it's more
beneficial to him he's rigging the
election
the same thing he's whined and cried
about this entire time because that's
what he does
pretty much anything he accuses
democrats of
is something he's actively attempting to
do at the time
there's no reason to go through all of
the normal stuff let's just hit the high
points here
the post office is one of the few
entities explicitly mentioned in the
constitution article 1 section 8
says that congress has the power to
establish post offices
and roads
i would suggest that those who are
against the post office who are okay
with this move
i would suggest that they look and see
what else is explicitly named because
there aren't many things
for example why don't you flip through
the constitution looking for
the explicit mention of an immigration
agency
because it's not there
that's how important the post office is
it is a government service
that's why it's everywhere
and that's one of the other things is
well it's not turning a profit it needs
money
if it was successful it wouldn't need
funding
right you know like the department of
defense
fire departments schools all other
government services
this concept that it needs to turn a
profit and it needs to be able to
pre-fund
all of this stuff this is uh
this was a obstacle that was thrown up
so eventually the post office would
have the image that it has now where
it's ineffectual
so it could be privatized ups fedex
could take over and make that money
that's the reason it's there it's a
talking point
you have been duped if you believe this
if you think the post office is supposed
to turn a profit
is supposed to be this highly profitable
entity you have been tricked
it is a government service that is why
it is
explicitly mentioned in the constitution
this is what it is it shouldn't be a
surprise to anybody
this is trump trying to rig the election
trying to
cheat fraudulent elections are the 14th
characteristic of his ideology
so of course he's gonna try to do it
um yeah there should be strong pushback
from congress from everybody
about this this is an overt attempt
to tamper with the election
it is what it is
the question is now are enough americans
tired
of him shredding the constitution are
there enough americans tired
of him trying to subvert the rule of law
are there enough americans who want him
gone
that's where we're at we can expect this
kind of behavior from trump
from now until the election and probably
some after work
this is what happens when you have a
bunch of people fall for a cult of
personality
and focus their energy on backing a
person rather than backing policies
backing a party instead of backing
policies
this is what happens this is what occurs
it's something we should avoid in this
country trump needs to go
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day